Xiaoqi Xiaoqi
Don't shout here
If you scream your throat, no one will come to your rescue.
What does Xiao Wang mean?
You did it on purpose
I'm so sorry, I lied to you.
Actually, I didn't misunderstand at all
I don't believe you.
You actually lied to me
How do you say
Those who know the current affairs are Junjie
I thought you were the pillar of the Wan family.
I didn't expect you to be a fart
You wasted so much of my time. What are you talking about?
Did you know that we founded the Huaxin Chamber of Commerce?
Coming soon.
Then it will radiate to the whole country.
It's not impossible to go to all the staff.
Really? About the assessment period?
What assessment period?
Stop talking nonsense with him
Yes, yes, yes too.
Wanjiaqi
You're dead. You don't know that yet, do you?
What are you doing when you're dying?
Tell me, now I've lost everything to you
How are you going to compensate me?
You asked for it yourself
Do you think the rich family is so easy to mix?
Like a hillbilly like you
I don't know how I died in it
Why is Mr. Nie so atmospheric?
Introduce you here you are
Myriad Calamities
You are here too
The Coloring Killer was also sent by you
So what if it's me?
That's all right, thanks to you woman
Otherwise, how could we catch you so easily?
Oh, Wan Shao, you are so annoying, Xiao Wenwen
I still want to be responsible for you.
I'll give you what you want.
I really misjudged you.